carabidae,ground beetles
dytiscidae,predaceous diving beetles
gyrinidae,whirligig beetles
hydrophilidae,water scavenger beetles
psephenidae,water penny beetles
elmidae,riffle beetles
histeridae,hister beetles
staphylinidae,rove beetles
silphidae,burying beetles,carrion beetles
lucanidae,stag beetles
passalidae,bess beetles
scarabaeidae,scarabs
buprestidae,jewel beetles
elateridae,click beetles
lampyridae,fireflies
cantharidae,soldier beetles
lycidae,net-winged beetles
cleridae,checkered beetles
coccinellidae,lady beetles
tenebrionidae,darkling beetles
meloidae,blister beetles
cerambycidae,longhorn beetles
chrysomelidae,leaf beetles
curculionidae,true weevils
zopheridae,ironclad beetles,diabolical ironclad beetles
cucujidae,flat bark beetles
